Features
========

Provides a simple view for drawing a single swatch of colour.

There are many other color well/swatch implementations available, but all that I've come across are bundled as part of a color picker, or other broader component. This one is deliberately isolated.

Drawing is implemented entirely using a `CGShapeLayer`, which should allow Core Image to render more efficiently than when using `-drawRect:` or similar.

`KSWColorWell` will display correctly as part of a `UITableViewCell`, taking on the requested background color as appropriate.

Contact
=======

I'm Mike Abdullah, of [Karelia Software](http://karelia.com). [@mikeabdullah](http://twitter.com/mikeabdullah) on Twitter.

Questions about the code should be left as issues at https://github.com/karelia/KSError or message me on Twitter. I'm interested in any customisation features people may be after.

Dependencies
============

None beyond UIKit.

Requires iOS 7, but only for the `CGPathCreateWithRoundedRect` function. It could be easily replaced with something compatible back to iOS 2 if desired.

Licensing
=========

Copyright © 2013 Karelia Software

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
